Add note on index backfill (#5066)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/api/ycql/ddl_create_index.md

- An error is raised if transactions have not be enabled using the `WITH transactions = { 'enabled' : true }` clause on the table to be indexed. This is because secondary indexes internally use distributed transactions to ensure ACID guarantees in the updates to the secondary index and the associated primary key. More details [here](https://blog.yugabyte.com/yugabyte-db-1-1-new-feature-speeding-up-queries-with-secondary-indexes/).
- An error is raised if `index_name` already exists in the associated keyspace unless the `IF NOT EXISTS` option is used.
- Indexes do not support TTL. An error is raised if data is inserted with TTL into a table with indexes.

{{< note title="Note" >}}                                                                            
                                                                                                     

> When an index is created on an existing table, yugabyteDB will automatically backfill existing data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an index is created on an existing table, YugabyteDB will automatically backfill existing data
```

> into the index in an online manner (i.e. while continuing to serve other traffic). For more details 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into the index in an online manner (that is, while continuing to serve other concurrent writes and traffic). For more details 
```

> on how this is done, please see [Online Index Backfill](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/blob/master/architecture/design/online-index-backfill.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on how this is done, see [Online Index Backfill](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/blob/master/architecture/design/online-index-backfill.md)
```
